---
name_de: Leichtathletik
name_en: Athletics
description_de: Vielseitiger Wettkampfsport mit Disziplinen wie Laufen, Springen und
  Werfen.
description_en: Versatile competitive sport including running, jumping, and throwing
  disciplines.
time_slots:
- name_de: Leichtathletik-Technikkurs – Sprint, Sprung & Wurf/Stoß
  name_en: Track & Field Technique Course – Sprint, Jump & Throw
  rooms:
  - Leichtathletikanlage
  day: Wednesday
  startTime: "18:00"
  endTime: "19:29"
  supervisors:
  - name: Roman Eser
  - name: Leon Leypoldt
  schedule:
    start: '2025-04-23'
    end: '2025-07-23'
    schedule: weekly
    day: Wednesday
    exclusions: []
---

<Locale value="de">
 

 Du willst deine Schnelligkeit, Sprungkraft oder Wurfweite verbessern und dabei
gezielt an deiner Technik arbeiten? Dann ist dieser Kurs genau das Richtige für
dich! Unter Anleitung zwei spezialisierter Trainer lernst du die grundlegenden
Bewegungsabläufe in Sprint/Sprung und Wurf/Stoß und optimierst deine Ausführung
für mehr Effizienz und Leistung.Was dich erwartet:Sprint &amp; Sprung: Explosive
Starts, optimale Schrittlänge, kraftvolle Absprünge und flüssige
Bewegungsabläufe für mehr Dynamik und Effizienz.Wurf &amp; Stoß: Richtige
Wurftechnik, verbesserte Kraftübertragung und präzise Bewegungsabläufe für
maximale Weiten in Kugel, Diskus und Speer.Kursdetails: Für wen? Anfänger &amp;
Fortgeschrittene, die gezielt an ihrer Technik arbeiten möchten Ausrüstung:
Sportkleidung, optional Spikes oder eigene Wurfgeräte       Dieser Kurs hilft
dir, schneller, explosiver und effizienter zu werden – egal, ob du deine
Grundlagen festigen oder deine Technik auf das nächste Level bringen möchtest!

</Locale>
<Locale value="en">
 

 Want to improve your speed, jumping power, or throwing distance while focusing
on refining your technique? Then this is the course for you! Under the guidance
of two experienced coaches, you’ll learn the fundamental movement patterns of
sprinting, jumping, and throwing – and work on executing them more efficiently
and effectively.What to Expect:Sprinting &amp; Jumping: Explosive starts,
optimal stride length, powerful take-offs, and smooth movement for greater speed
and control.Throwing Events: Proper technique, improved force transfer, and
clean movement execution for maximum distance in shot put, discus, and
javelin.Course Details: Who it's for: Beginners &amp; intermediate athletes
looking to improve their technique Equipment: Sportswear, optional: spikes or
personal throwing equipment       This course will help you become faster, more
explosive, and technically precise – whether you're building your foundation or
ready to take your skills to the next level!

</Locale>
