---
name_de: Volleyball
name_en: Volleyball
description_de: Teamsport, bei dem der Ball über ein Netz in das Feld des Gegners
  geschlagen wird.
description_en: Team sport where the ball is hit over a net into the opponent's court.
time_slots:
- name_de:
  name_en:
  room: Spielhalle 2+3
  day: Montag
  startTime: "16:00"
  endTime: "16:59"
  supervisors: []
- name_de:
  name_en:
  room: Spielhalle 2+3
  day: Samstag
  startTime: "10:30"
  endTime: "11:59"
  supervisors: []
- name_de:
  name_en:
  room: Spielhalle 1+2+3
  day: Freitag
  startTime: "18:00"
  endTime: "18:59"
  supervisors: []
- name_de: Volleyball-Technikkurs
  name_en: Volleyball Technique Training
  room: Spielhalle 2+3
  day: Montag
  startTime: "17:00"
  endTime: "17:59"
  supervisors:
  - name: Amelie Maier
---

<Locale value="de">
 

 Für Freies Training besteht kein Versicherungsschutz! 

 Für Freies Training besteht kein Versicherungsschutz! 

 Für Freies Training besteht kein Versicherungsschutz! 

 In diesem Kurs verbessern Anfänger und Fortgeschrittene gezielt ihre
Volleyballtechnik. Mit praxisnahen Übungen und individuellen Korrekturen legen
wir den Fokus auf saubere Ausführung und effektive
Spielzüge.Kursinhalte:Grundtechniken:&nbsp;Präzises Pritschen und Baggern für
eine sichere BallkontrolleAngriffstechniken:&nbsp;Optimales Timing und
Schlagtechniken für effektive AngriffeAbwehr &amp; Block:&nbsp;Richtige
Positionierung und Reaktionsschnelligkeit
verbessernAufschlagvarianten:&nbsp;Erlernen und Verfeinern von Topspin-,
Floater- und SprungaufschlägenSpielübersicht &amp; Taktik:&nbsp;Bessere
Entscheidungsfindung und Stellungsspiel im TeamEin strukturiertes Training für
alle, die ihre Technik verbessern und ihr Spiel sicherer und variabler gestalten
möchten.

</Locale>
<Locale value="en">
 

 There is no insurance cover for free training! 

 There is no insurance cover for free training! 

 There is no insurance cover for free training! 

 This course is designed for both beginners and advanced players looking to
refine their volleyball skills. Through practical drills and personalized
feedback, we focus on precise execution and effective gameplay.Course
Content:Basic Techniques:&nbsp;Accurate setting and passing for better ball
controlAttacking Skills:&nbsp;Timing, footwork, and hitting techniques for
powerful attacksDefense &amp; Blocking:&nbsp;Proper positioning and reaction
speed to improve defenseServing Variations:&nbsp;Mastering topspin, float, and
jump servesGame Awareness &amp; Tactics:&nbsp;Smarter decision-making and
improved court positioningA structured training program for anyone looking to
enhance their technique and play with more confidence and versatility.

</Locale>
