---
name_de: Beachvolleyball
name_en: Beach Volleyball
description_de: Volleyballspiel im Sand mit besonderem Fokus auf Beweglichkeit und
  Teamarbeit.
description_en: Volleyball played on sand with an emphasis on agility and teamwork.
time_slots:
- name_de: Beachvolleyball Technik- & Spieltraining
  name_en: Beach Volleyball Technique & Tactics
  rooms: &id001
  - Beachvolleyballfelder
  day: Tuesday
  startTime: "17:00"
  endTime: "17:59"
  supervisors:
  - name: Johannes Maletius
  schedule:
    start: '2025-04-29'
    end: '2025-07-22'
    schedule: weekly
    day: Tuesday
    exclusions:
    - '2025-06-10'
- name_de: Beachvolleyball Technik- & Spieltraining
  name_en: Beach Volleyball Technique & Tactics
  rooms: *id001
  day: Monday
  startTime: "13:00"
  endTime: "18:59"
  supervisors: []
  schedule:
    start: '2025-06-23'
    end: '2025-06-23'
    schedule: weekly
    day: Monday
    exclusions: []
---

<Locale value="de">
 

 Dieser Kurs richtet sich an alle, die ihre technischen Grundlagen im
Beachvolleyball verbessern möchten – egal ob Anfänger oder Spieler mit erster
Erfahrung. Im Fokus stehen saubere Ballkontrolle, präzise Pässe und effiziente
Bewegungsabläufe auf Sand.Inhalte  Ballkontrolle &amp; Passen: Baggern und
Pritschen unter verschiedenen Bedingungen für eine stabile Spielweise.Aufschlag
&amp; Annahme: Technik für platzierte Aufschläge und eine sichere Annahme unter
Druck.Angriff &amp; Shot-Technik: Optimale Schlagtechnik für harte Angriffe und
gezielte Lobs.Bewegung &amp; Stellungsspiel: Effiziente Laufwege im Sand und
taktisches Positionieren. 

 Dieser Kurs richtet sich an alle, die ihre technischen Grundlagen im
Beachvolleyball verbessern möchten – egal ob Anfänger oder Spieler mit erster
Erfahrung. Im Fokus stehen saubere Ballkontrolle, präzise Pässe und effiziente
Bewegungsabläufe auf Sand.Inhalte  Ballkontrolle &amp; Passen: Baggern und
Pritschen unter verschiedenen Bedingungen für eine stabile Spielweise.Aufschlag
&amp; Annahme: Technik für platzierte Aufschläge und eine sichere Annahme unter
Druck.Angriff &amp; Shot-Technik: Optimale Schlagtechnik für harte Angriffe und
gezielte Lobs.Bewegung &amp; Stellungsspiel: Effiziente Laufwege im Sand und
taktisches Positionieren.

</Locale>
<Locale value="en">
 

 This course is designed for anyone looking to improve their technical skills in
beach volleyball – whether you're a beginner or have some experience. The focus
is on clean ball control, precise passing, and efficient movement in the
sand.Course Content:  Ball Control &amp; Passing: Forearm and overhead passing
in different game situations for better consistency.Serving &amp; Reception:
Techniques for accurate serves and solid receptions under pressure.Attacking
&amp; Shot Placement: Proper hitting techniques for powerful spikes and well-
placed shots.Movement &amp; Positioning: Efficient footwork in the sand and
smart tactical positioning. 

 This course is designed for anyone looking to improve their technical skills in
beach volleyball – whether you're a beginner or have some experience. The focus
is on clean ball control, precise passing, and efficient movement in the
sand.Course Content:  Ball Control &amp; Passing: Forearm and overhead passing
in different game situations for better consistency.Serving &amp; Reception:
Techniques for accurate serves and solid receptions under pressure.Attacking
&amp; Shot Placement: Proper hitting techniques for powerful spikes and well-
placed shots.Movement &amp; Positioning: Efficient footwork in the sand and
smart tactical positioning.

</Locale>
