---
name_de: Calisthenics
name_en: Calisthenics
description_de: Eigengewichtsübungen zur Entwicklung von Kraft und Körperkontrolle.
description_en: Bodyweight exercises for developing strength and body control.
time_slots:
- name_de: Calisthenics
  name_en: Calisthenics
  rooms:
  - Turnhalle
  day: Monday
  startTime: "20:30"
  endTime: "21:59"
  supervisors:
  - name: Jonathan Darius Reyersbach
  - name: Julius Friedrich
  - name: Luca Leon Djuric
  schedule:
    start: '2025-04-28'
    end: '2025-07-21'
    schedule: weekly
    day: Monday
    exclusions: []
- name_de: Calisthenics
  name_en: Calisthenics
  rooms:
  - Turnhalle
  day: Wednesday
  startTime: "19:00"
  endTime: "19:59"
  supervisors:
  - name: Jonathan Darius Reyersbach
  - name: Julius Friedrich
  - name: Luca Leon Djuric
  schedule:
    start: '2025-04-23'
    end: '2025-07-16'
    schedule: weekly
    day: Wednesday
    exclusions: []
- name_de: Calisthenics
  name_en: Calisthenics
  rooms:
  - Calisthenics-Anlage
  day: Wednesday
  startTime: "19:00"
  endTime: "20:59"
  supervisors: []
  schedule:
    schedule: dates
    dates:
    - '2025-04-23'
---

<Locale value="de">
 

 Egal ob erster Klimmzug, Muscle-up oder Planche, hier werden neue Fähigkeiten
durch Kraft freigeschaltet. Nach einem gemeinsamen Warm-up teilen wir uns auf
passende Übungen für das jeweilige Skilllevel und Ziel auf. Jeder ist
willkommen, wir freuen uns auf euch! 

 Egal ob erster Klimmzug, Muscle-up oder Planche, hier werden neue Fähigkeiten
durch Kraft freigeschaltet. Nach einem gemeinsamen Warm-up teilen wir uns auf
passende Übungen für das jeweilige Skilllevel und Ziel auf. Jeder ist
willkommen, wir freuen uns auf euch! 

 Egal ob erster Klimmzug, Muscle-up oder Planche, hier werden neue Fähigkeiten
durch Kraft freigeschaltet. Nach einem gemeinsamen Warm-up teilen wir uns auf
passende Übungen für das jeweilige Skilllevel und Ziel auf. Jeder ist
willkommen, wir freuen uns auf euch!

</Locale>
<Locale value="en">
 

 Whether it's your first pull-up, muscle-up or planche, new skills are unlocked
here through strength. After a joint warm-up, we split up into exercises
suitable for the respective skill level and goal. Everyone is welcome, we look
forward to seeing you! 

 Whether it's your first pull-up, muscle-up or planche, new skills are unlocked
here through strength. After a joint warm-up, we split up into exercises
suitable for the respective skill level and goal. Everyone is welcome, we look
forward to seeing you! 

 Whether it's your first pull-up, muscle-up or planche, new skills are unlocked
here through strength. After a joint warm-up, we split up into exercises
suitable for the respective skill level and goal. Everyone is welcome, we look
forward to seeing you!

</Locale>
