---
name_de: Handball
name_en: Handball
description_de: Schneller Mannschaftssport mit vielen Toren und körperlichem Einsatz.
description_en: Fast-paced team sport with many goals and physical intensity.
time_slots:
- name_de: Handball - Freier Spielbetrieb
  name_en: Handball - Open Play
  rooms:
  - Spielhalle 1
  - Spielhalle 2
  - Spielhalle 3
  day: Saturday
  startTime: "13:30"
  endTime: "14:59"
  supervisors: []
  schedule:
    start: '2025-04-26'
    end: '2025-07-19'
    schedule: weekly
    day: Saturday
    exclusions:
    - '2025-05-03'
- name_de: Handball - Freier Spielbetrieb
  name_en: Handball - Open Play
  rooms:
  - Spielhalle 3
  day: Tuesday
  startTime: "20:00"
  endTime: "21:59"
  supervisors: []
  schedule:
    start: '2025-04-29'
    end: '2025-07-22'
    schedule: weekly
    day: Tuesday
    exclusions:
    - '2025-06-10'
- name_de: Handball Spiel-/ Techniktraining
  name_en: Handball – Game/Technique Training
  rooms:
  - Spielhalle 1
  - Spielhalle 2
  day: Wednesday
  startTime: "16:30"
  endTime: "17:59"
  supervisors:
  - name: Sebastian Löw
  schedule:
    start: '2025-04-23'
    end: '2025-07-23'
    schedule: weekly
    day: Wednesday
    exclusions: []
- name_de: Handball Technik Anfänger
  name_en: Handball - Technique Training Beginner
  rooms:
  - Spielhalle 3
  day: Wednesday
  startTime: "16:00"
  endTime: "16:59"
  supervisors:
  - name: Julius Rothfischer
  schedule:
    start: '2025-04-23'
    end: '2025-07-23'
    schedule: weekly
    day: Wednesday
    exclusions: []
---

<Locale value="de">
 

 Für freies Training besteht kein Versicherungsschutz! 

 Für freies Training besteht kein Versicherungsschutz! 

 Abwechslungsreiches Technik- und Taktiktraining mit abschließender Spielform für
handballerfahrene Sportlerinnen und Sportler. Ziel ist die Förderung des
individuellen Leistungsstandes und die Verbesserung des Spielverständnisses. Mit
dabei natürlich immer eine gute Portion Spaß. Bei gutem Wetter im Sommersemester
sind auch spontane Beachhandballeinheiten möglich. Wir freuen uns auf
begeisterte Teilnehmerinnen und Teilnehmer und viel Freude mit euch im kommenden
Semester. 

 Der Kurs richtet sich an alle, die erste Erfahrungen im Handball sammeln wollen.
Trainiert werden die technischen Grundfertigkeiten des Handballs, das
Zusammenspiel in Kleingruppen anhand handballspezifischer Spielformen sowie
mannschaftstaktische Grundlagen. Im Vordergrund soll jedoch immer der Spaß
stehen. Ich freue mich auf motivierte Leute und darauf, euch den Handballsport
etwas näher zu bringen.

</Locale>
<Locale value="en">
 

 There is no insurance cover for free training! 

 There is no insurance cover for free training! 

 Varied technical and tactical training with a final game form for experienced
handball players. The aim is to promote individual performance and improve
understanding of the game. And of course there is always a good portion of fun
involved. If the weather is good in the summer semester, spontaneous beach
handball sessions are also possible. We look forward to enthusiastic
participants and lots of fun with you in the coming semester. 

 The course is aimed at anyone who wants to gain their first experience in
handball. The course will train the basic technical skills of handball, teamwork
in small groups using handball-specific game forms, and the basics of team
tactics. The main focus, however, should always be on having fun. I'm looking
forward to meeting motivated people and to introducing you to the sport of
handball.

</Locale>
