---
name_de: Karate
name_en: Karate
description_de: Japanische Kampfkunst mit Schlägen, Tritten und Abwehrtechniken.
description_en: Japanese martial art using punches, kicks, and defensive techniques.
time_slots:
- name_de: Karate
  name_en: Karate
  rooms:
  - Turnhalle
  day: Monday
  startTime: "19:00"
  endTime: "20:29"
  supervisors:
  - name: Walter Stigler
  - name: Tino Richter
  - name: Thomas Beiel
  - name: Alexander Aigner
  schedule:
    start: '2025-04-28'
    end: '2025-07-21'
    schedule: weekly
    day: Monday
    exclusions: []
- name_de: Karate
  name_en: Karate
  rooms:
  - Spielhalle 1
  day: Thursday
  startTime: "19:00"
  endTime: "20:29"
  supervisors:
  - name: Thomas Beiel
  - name: Walter Stigler
  - name: Tino Richter
  - name: Alexander Aigner
  schedule:
    start: '2025-04-24'
    end: '2025-07-24'
    schedule: weekly
    day: Thursday
    exclusions: []
---

<Locale value="de">
 

 Shotokan Karate: Anfänger:innen und Karateka mit Grundkenntnissen: In diesem
Kurs erfolgt ein systematischer Aufbau der Grundtechniken, Katas und einfacher
Kampfformen. Schwerpunkt liegt auf der Entwicklung von Konzentration,
Körperspannung und Fitness. Fortgeschrittene 1: Für Karatekas ab dem 9. Kyu.
Systematische Förderung von Koordination und Kondition, Aufbau von Schnelligkeit
und Härte der Techniken, Hinführung zum freien Kämpfen, Katatraining.
Fortgeschrittene 2: Für Karateka ab dem 6. Kyu. Training von Kampfkombinationen,
komplexere Kumiteformen und höhere Katas. Effektivierung der Techniken mit
Schlagpolstern. Ausbau der Selbstverteidigungstechniken unter realistischen
Bedingungen. 

 Shotokan Karate: Anfänger:innen und Karateka mit Grundkenntnissen: In diesem
Kurs erfolgt ein systematischer Aufbau der Grundtechniken, Katas und einfacher
Kampfformen. Schwerpunkt liegt auf der Entwicklung von Konzentration,
Körperspannung und Fitness. Fortgeschrittene 1: Für Karatekas ab dem 9. Kyu.
Systematische Förderung von Koordination und Kondition, Aufbau von Schnelligkeit
und Härte der Techniken, Hinführung zum freien Kämpfen, Katatraining.
Fortgeschrittene 2: Für Karateka ab dem 6. Kyu. Training von Kampfkombinationen,
komplexere Kumiteformen und höhere Katas. Effektivierung der Techniken mit
Schlagpolstern. Ausbau der Selbstverteidigungstechniken unter realistischen
Bedingungen.

</Locale>
<Locale value="en">
 

 Shotokan Karate: Beginners and karateka with basic knowledge: In this course,
the basic techniques, katas and simple fighting forms are systematically
developed. The focus is on developing concentration, body tension and fitness.
Advanced 1: For karatekas from 9th Kyu. Systematic promotion of coordination and
stamina, development of speed and hardness of techniques, introduction to free
fighting, kata training. Advanced 2: For karatekas from 6th Kyu. Training of
fighting combinations, more complex kumite forms and higher katas. Making the
techniques more effective with striking pads. Development of self-defense
techniques under realistic conditions. 

 Shotokan Karate: Beginners and karateka with basic knowledge: In this course,
the basic techniques, katas and simple fighting forms are systematically
developed. The focus is on developing concentration, body tension and fitness.
Advanced 1: For karatekas from 9th Kyu. Systematic promotion of coordination and
stamina, development of speed and hardness of techniques, introduction to free
fighting, kata training. Advanced 2: For karatekas from 6th Kyu. Training of
fighting combinations, more complex kumite forms and higher katas. Making the
techniques more effective with striking pads. Development of self-defense
techniques under realistic conditions.

</Locale>
