---
name_de: Volleyball
name_en: Volleyball
description_de: Teamsport, bei dem der Ball über ein Netz in das Feld des Gegners
  geschlagen wird.
description_en: Team sport where the ball is hit over a net into the opponent's court.
time_slots:
- name_de:
  name_en:
  rooms: &id001
  - Spielhalle 2
  - Spielhalle 3
  day: Monday
  startTime: "16:00"
  endTime: "16:59"
  supervisors: []
  schedule:
    start: '2025-04-28'
    end: '2025-07-21'
    schedule: weekly
    day: Monday
    exclusions: []
- name_de:
  name_en:
  rooms: *id001
  day: Saturday
  startTime: "10:30"
  endTime: "11:59"
  supervisors: []
  schedule:
    start: '2025-04-26'
    end: '2025-07-19'
    schedule: weekly
    day: Saturday
    exclusions:
    - '2025-05-03'
- name_de:
  name_en:
  rooms:
  - Spielhalle 1
  - Spielhalle 2
  - Spielhalle 3
  day: Friday
  startTime: "18:00"
  endTime: "18:59"
  supervisors: []
  schedule:
    start: '2025-04-25'
    end: '2025-07-25'
    schedule: weekly
    day: Friday
    exclusions: []
- name_de: Volleyball-Technikkurs
  name_en: Volleyball Technique Training
  rooms: *id001
  day: Monday
  startTime: "17:00"
  endTime: "17:59"
  supervisors:
  - name: Amelie Maier
  schedule:
    start: '2025-04-28'
    end: '2025-07-21'
    schedule: weekly
    day: Monday
    exclusions: []
---

<Locale value="de">
 

 Für Freies Training besteht kein Versicherungsschutz! 

 Für Freies Training besteht kein Versicherungsschutz! 

 Für Freies Training besteht kein Versicherungsschutz! 

 In diesem Kurs verbessern Anfänger und Fortgeschrittene gezielt ihre
Volleyballtechnik. Mit praxisnahen Übungen und individuellen Korrekturen legen
wir den Fokus auf saubere Ausführung und effektive
Spielzüge.Kursinhalte:Grundtechniken:Präzises Pritschen und Baggern für eine
sichere BallkontrolleAngriffstechniken:Optimales Timing und Schlagtechniken für
effektive AngriffeAbwehr &amp; Block:Richtige Positionierung und
Reaktionsschnelligkeit verbessernAufschlagvarianten:Erlernen und Verfeinern von
Topspin-, Floater- und SprungaufschlägenSpielübersicht &amp; Taktik:Bessere
Entscheidungsfindung und Stellungsspiel im TeamEin strukturiertes Training für
alle, die ihre Technik verbessern und ihr Spiel sicherer und variabler gestalten
möchten.

</Locale>
<Locale value="en">
 

 There is no insurance cover for free training! 

 There is no insurance cover for free training! 

 There is no insurance cover for free training! 

 This course is designed for both beginners and advanced players looking to
refine their volleyball skills. Through practical drills and personalized
feedback, we focus on precise execution and effective gameplay.Course
Content:Basic Techniques:Accurate setting and passing for better ball
controlAttacking Skills:Timing, footwork, and hitting techniques for powerful
attacksDefense &amp; Blocking:Proper positioning and reaction speed to improve
defenseServing Variations:Mastering topspin, float, and jump servesGame
Awareness &amp; Tactics:Smarter decision-making and improved court positioningA
structured training program for anyone looking to enhance their technique and
play with more confidence and versatility.

</Locale>
