---
name_de: Yoga
name_en: Yoga
description_de: Körperliche und geistige Praxis, die Körperhaltung und Atmung kombiniert.
description_en: Physical and mental practice that combines body postures and breathing
  techniques.
time_slots:
- name_de: Vinyasa Yoga (English-Spoken) – Flow into the Weekend
  name_en: Vinyasa Yoga (english Spoken) – Flow into the Weekend
  room: Gymnastikhalle
  day: Freitag
  startTime: "18:00"
  endTime: "18:59"
  supervisors:
  - name: Beatrice Potra
- name_de: Vinyasa Yoga
  name_en: Vinyasa Yoga
  room: Gymnastikhalle
  day: Montag
  startTime: "18:00"
  endTime: "18:59"
  supervisors:
  - name: Stefan Aigner
- name_de: After Work Yoga
  name_en: After Work Yoga
  room: Gymnastikhalle
  day: Dienstag
  startTime: "16:00"
  endTime: "16:59"
  supervisors:
  - name: Janina Altinger
- name_de: Balance Vinyasa Flow Yoga
  name_en: Balance Vinyasa Flow Yoga
  room: Gymnastikhalle
  day: Mittwoch
  startTime: "16:00"
  endTime: "16:59"
  supervisors:
  - name: Beatrice Potra
- name_de: Jürgen Yoga - Yoga Workout
  name_en:
  room: Spielhalle 1+2+3
  day: Mittwoch
  startTime: "19:00"
  endTime: "19:59"
  supervisors:
  - name: Jürgen Feigl
- name_de: Power Vinyasa Yoga
  name_en: Power Vinyasa Yoga
  room: Gymnastikhalle
  day: Donnerstag
  startTime: "17:00"
  endTime: "17:59"
  supervisors:
  - name: Lisa Mönch
---

<Locale value="de">
 

 Unwind from the week and step into the weekend with clarity and ease.
This&nbsp;English-speaking Vinyasa Yoga class&nbsp;offers a dynamic yet
grounding flow designed to help you&nbsp;release tension,&nbsp;reconnect with
your body, and&nbsp;find inner balance&nbsp;after a busy week.Through mindful
movement and breath, we’ll move through creative sequences that build strength,
flexibility, and focus – all while creating space to&nbsp;let go of
stress&nbsp;and arrive fully in the present moment.Whether you're new to yoga or
already have some experience, this class offers a welcoming space for all
levels.What to expect:Energizing and calming Vinyasa flowA mix of strength,
mobility, and relaxationA chance to reset mentally and physicallyGuidance in
clear English, with options for all levelsCourse Details:When:&nbsp;Fridays –
the perfect end to your weekLanguage:&nbsp;EnglishDuration:&nbsp;60 minutesWhat
to bring:&nbsp;Comfortable clothes, yoga mat (optional), waterFlow it out,
breathe it in – and start your weekend refreshed. 

 Vinyasa ist eine dynamische Art der Yogapraxis. Auf ein langsameres Warmwerden
und Sonnengrüße folgt ein anstrengenderer Flow im Einklang mit deiner Atmung.
Wie anstrengend es wird, kannst du selbst bestimmen, und du trainierst dabei
dein Gleichgewicht, deine Muskulatur, deine Beweglichkeit und deine
Konzentration. Abschließend lässt du die Yoga Stunde in einer Schlussentspannung
(Shavasana) auf dich wirken. Vinyasa ist abwechslungsreich und kann fordernd
sein, und tut auf jeden Fall gut - ganz egal, ob du Yoga Anfänger bist oder
schon länger praktizierst, denn Yoga ist für alle da!&nbsp;Bitte eigene
Yogamatte mitbringen! 

 Du möchtest einen Ausgleich zum Alltag schaffen und deine Entspannung fördern?
In diesem Hatha-Yoga Kurs werden statische und dynamische Übungen mit der Atmung
kombiniert, um ihre Wirkungen zu entfalten. Jede Stunde endet mit einer
geführten 10-minütigen Schlussentspannung. Bitte eigene Yogamatte mitbringen! 

 Tauche mit ein in die Welt des Vinyasa Flows, wo Dynamik und Entspannung
harmonisch miteinander verschmelzen. In dieser Yogastunde dreht sich alles um
die Balance – sowohl auf der Matte als auch im täglichen Leben. Der Yogastil
verbindet kraftvolle und erdende Bewegungen mit Momenten der Leichtigkeit und
Ruhe. Die Yogastunde ist darauf ausgerichtet, deinen Körper durch kreative
Sequenzen zu stärken, während du gleichzeitig eine tiefe Verbindung zu deinem
Inneren aufbaust. Durch fließende Übergänge und achtsame Atemtechniken wirst du
lernen, im Hier und Jetzt zu sein, und dein Körperbewusstsein zu vertiefen.
Egal, ob du neu im Yoga bist oder bereits Erfahrung hast, dieser Flow bietet dir
die Möglichkeit, deine eigene Balance zu finden und die Stunde mit einem Gefühl
der Erfrischung und Energie zu verlassen. Bitte eigene Yogamatte mitbringen! 

 Jürgen-Yoga: Eine Verschmelzung von Hatha-Yoga-Asanas mit dynamischen Elementen
aus dem Vinyasa-Yoga mit Schwerpunkt der Mobilisierung der Wirbelsäule und
fließenden Übergängen. Eine fließende Mischung und Vielfalt aus muskelstärkenden
und dehnenden Asanas (Übungen) in Verbindung mit Atemtechnik. Es geht um das
Erfahren und Wahrnehmen eigener Grenzen ohne eine Form von Leistungsdruck. Lasse
los und erfahre mit einem steten "Lächeln" den Wert des Yogas für Dich. Yoga
Workout: Eine Mischung aus dynamischen Yoga-Sequenzen und yoga-verwandten
Workout-Elementen mit anschließender Meditation im Zeichen des ZEN - laß dich
drauf ein!&nbsp;Bitte eigene Yogamatte mitbringen! 

 Dieser Kurs ist für alle, die Yoga mit einer sportlichen Herausforderung
verbinden möchten. Power Vinyasa Yoga kombiniert fließende Bewegungen mit
kraftvollen Haltungen und gezielter Atmung. Die dynamischen Sequenzen stärken
den gesamten Körper, fördern die Beweglichkeit und bringen gleichzeitig mentale
Klarheit.Was dich erwartet:Fließende Abläufe: Dynamische Übergänge zwischen den
Asanas für mehr Kraft &amp; Flexibilität.Kräftigung &amp; Stabilität: Intensive
Haltepositionen und Core-Training.Atmung &amp; Fokus: Verbindung von Bewegung
und Atem für eine meditative Praxis.Energie &amp; Flow: Ein Workout für Körper
und Geist, das dich herausfordert und gleichzeitig entspannt.Kursdetails: Level:
Mittelstufe bis Fortgeschrittene – Grundkenntnisse im Vinyasa Yoga empfohlen
Mitbringen: Bequeme Kleidung, eigene Matte, Wasser      Dieser Kurs ist perfekt
für alle, die dynamisches Yoga lieben, Kraft aufbauen und gleichzeitig tiefer in
die Verbindung von Atmung und Bewegung eintauchen möchten.&nbsp;Bitte eigene
Yogamatte mitbringen!

</Locale>
<Locale value="en">
 

 Unwind from the week and step into the weekend with clarity and ease. This
English-speaking Vinyasa Yoga class offers a dynamic yet grounding flow designed
to help you release tension, reconnect with your body, and find inner balance
after a busy week.Through mindful movement and breath, we’ll move through
creative sequences that build strength, flexibility, and focus – all while
creating space to let go of stress and arrive fully in the present
moment.Whether you're new to yoga or already have some experience, this class
offers a welcoming space for all levels.What to expect:  Energizing and calming
Vinyasa flow   A mix of strength, mobility, and relaxation   A chance to reset
mentally and physically   Guidance in clear English, with options for all levels
Course Details:  When: Fridays – the perfect end to your week   Language:
English   Duration: 60 minutes   What to bring: Comfortable clothes, yoga mat
(optional), water          Flow it out, breathe it in – and start your weekend
refreshed. 

 Vinyasa is a dynamic type of yoga practice. A slow warm-up and sun salutations
are followed by a more strenuous flow in harmony with your breathing. You can
decide how strenuous it is, and you train your balance, muscles, flexibility and
concentration. At the end of the yoga class, you let the effects of the yoga
class sink in with a final relaxation (Shavasana). Vinyasa is varied and can be
challenging, and is definitely good for you - regardless of whether you are a
yoga beginner or have been practicing for a long time, because yoga is for
everyone! Please bring your own mat. 

 Would you like to create a balance to your everyday life and promote relaxation?
In this Hatha Yoga course, static and dynamic exercises are combined with
breathing to unfold their effects. Each class ends with a guided 10-minute final
relaxation. Please bring your own yoga mat! 

 Dive with me into the world of Vinyasa Flow, where dynamics and relaxation merge
harmoniously. My yoga class is all about balance - both on the mat and in
everyday life. My yoga style combines powerful and grounding movements with
moments of lightness and calm. The yoga class is designed to strengthen your
body through creative sequences, while at the same time building a deep
connection to your inner self. Through flowing transitions and mindful breathing
techniques, you will learn to be in the here and now and deepen your body
awareness. Whether you are new to yoga or already have experience, this flow
offers you the opportunity to find your own balance and leave the class feeling
refreshed and energized. Please bring your own mat! 

 Jürgen Yoga: A fusion of Hatha Yoga Asanas with dynamic elements from Vinyasa
Yoga with a focus on mobilizing the spine and flowing transitions. A flowing
mixture and variety of muscle-strengthening and stretching Asanas (exercises) in
conjunction with breathing techniques. It's about experiencing and perceiving
your own limits without any form of pressure to perform. Let go and experience
the value of yoga for you with a constant "smile". Yoga Workout: A mixture of
dynamic yoga sequences and yoga-related workout elements followed by meditation
in the spirit of ZEN - get involved! Please bring your own mat. 

 This class is perfect for those looking to combine yoga with a physical
challenge. Power Vinyasa Yoga blends flowing movements, strong postures, and
mindful breathing. The dynamic sequences build strength, enhance flexibility,
and bring mental clarity.What to Expect:Fluid Sequences: Smooth transitions
between poses to improve strength &amp; flexibility.Strength &amp; Stability:
Core activation and powerful holds for a strong foundation.Breath &amp; Focus:
Synchronizing movement and breath for a meditative experience.Energy &amp; Flow:
A full-body workout that challenges and revitalizes you.Course Details: Level:
Intermediate to advanced – basic Vinyasa knowledge recommended What to bring:
Comfortable clothes, yoga mat, water      This class is ideal for those who love
dynamic yoga, want to build strength, and deepen their connection between
movement and breath. Please bring your own mat!

</Locale>
